General Description
 
For FPS and movie enthusiasts used to 2-channel headsets, experiencing the multichannel soundscape of the PC 333D is a revelation. It’s like switching from mono to stereo or black & white to color all at once. 7.1 Dolby Headphone channels create detail that normally isn’t perceptible – to make 3D games and movies amazingly realistic and exciting. When gamers switch the 3D G4ME1 7.1 USB soundcard to multichannel, they can locate off-screen sounds with 360? accuracy at even the noisiest LAN party. Instead of right, left or front, you can tell precisely where a sound came from, how far away the source is and what direction it’s moving in. It’s a massive competitive advantage, even for the world-class professionals from mTw who helped us design the PC 333D.
 
The hyper-realism and intensity of the multichannel soundscape is even better thanks to the excellent Sennheiser speakers and the circumaural, closed-acoustic ear cups that shut out background noise. If you do need to interact with the outside world, the PC 333D gives you an easy way to do it – you just flip up one ear cup using the swivel DJ Hinge. In-game chat and internet telephony is easy, too. There’s a first-class noise canceling microphone and an intuitive volume control that’s integrated directly in the right ear cup. PC only at this time.
 
         Features 
More spacious sound field – 7.1 channel surround sound powered by Dolby Headphone to accurately pinpoint noises from all directions in the gamescape
Superb Sennheiser stereo sound - Sennheiser quality speakers deliver great acoustic performance from games, music, movies and internet calls
Great for LAN gaming - the circumaural closed acoustic design of XL ear cups blocks out noise around you for hyper-realistic gaming with total immersion
Quick team talk - at just a swivel of the DJ Hinge on the right ear cup, you have direct contact with teammates
Noise canceling clarity - the professional microphone reduces ambient noise for crystal-clear conversations without the need to shout
Intuitive design and automatic microphone mute – the volume control is integrated in the right ear cup and you can mute the microphone by raising the boom arm
Essential extra – supplied with a protective carrying pouch
Peace of mind – 2-year international warranty
*Dolby is a registered trademark of Dolby Laboratories